Feat/na 68 edit documentation (#6)
nextdaymedia/cmp: docs/README.md

# AppNexus CMP documentation for Next Day Media Publishers

> CMP is a tool for publishers to engage users of their properties and gather & store end user consent.

Reviewer: Perhaps
```suggestion
CMP is a tool for publishers to get the user's consent to gather information about the user and use that information to show ads.
```

> CMP is a tool for publishers to engage users of their properties and gather & store end user consent.

Author: I've prashed it a little differently
